Describe nextFetchPolicy in queries.mdx (#8559)
apollographql/apollo-client: docs/source/data/queries.mdx

By default, the `useQuery` hook checks the Apollo Client cache to see if all the data you requested is already available locally. If all data _is_ available locally, `useQuery` returns that data and _doesn't_ query your GraphQL server. This `cache-first` policy is Apollo Client's default **fetch policy**.

You can specify a different fetch policy for a given query. To do so, include the `fetchPolicy` option in your call to `useQuery`:

```js{2}
const { loading, error, data } = useQuery(GET_DOGS, {
  fetchPolicy: "network-only" // Doesn't check cache before making a network request
});
```

### `nextFetchPolicy`

> You can _also_ specify a query's `nextFetchPolicy`. If you do, `fetchPolicy` is used for the query's _first_ execution, and `nextFetchPolicy` is used whenever the query is refetched:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can _also_ specify a query's `nextFetchPolicy`. If you do, `fetchPolicy` is used for the query's _first_ execution, and `nextFetchPolicy` will be used to determine how the query should respond to _future_ cache updates:
```
The "refetching" terminology could be confusing because `ObservableQuery#refetch` always uses `network-only`.

Author: Ahh good point
